---
title: Envato
description: A journey of transformation, my time at Envato
date: 2024-05-18 18:00:00 +1000
categories: [Memories]
tags: [Envato, Friendship, Memories]
pin: false
math: false
mermaid: false
image:
  path: /assets/img/posts/first-day-envato.jpg
  alt: First day, leaving hotel to go to Envato's office
  lqip: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
---

{% include embed/audio.html src='/assets/audio/posts/2024-05-18-envato.mp3' title='Listen to the audio version of this content' %}

## A New Beginning
When I hopped on my flight to Australia in January 2019, leaving behind the familiar comforts of Iran, I had no clue that joining [Envato][4] would be such a game-changer for me. Recently, the news has been buzzing with updates about Envato and Shutterstock, bringing back a flood of memories from my days at Envato and inspiring me to write this post. I want to give a big shoutout to my friends at Envato and show my deep gratitude for the friendships and experiences that have meant so much to me.

In January 2019, I made a life-changing decision to leave Iran and move to Australia to work for Envato, a company I had long admired and dreamt of joining. Although I had heard a lot about Envato, I never imagined how deeply it would touch my heart and change me forever.

## Overcoming Challenges
Arriving in a new country was both exhilarating and daunting. I was filled with nervous excitement and fear, relying on the support of one friend at first. But as soon as I started at Envato, my fears quickly melted away. Those first few days were a whirlwind of new faces and names. I was both overwhelmed and thrilled. Every friendly gesture, from a simple "How are you?" to a lunch invitation, felt like a warm hug, easing my fears and making me feel at home. These people were amazing, always ready to answer my endless questions and offer help whenever I needed it. Their unwavering support made all the difference, and I learned so much from them in such a short time.

## Building Friendships
I remember the first day Travis took me on a tour of the office. He didn't just show me my desk; he introduced me to everyone we met, making me feel instantly at home. It wasn't long before his guidance and support became a cornerstone of my daily work life. His kindness and assistance were invaluable, making my transition to a new country so much smoother. This supportive culture continued throughout my time at Envato, ensuring I never felt alone.
Working at Envato was more than just a job; it was a journey of learning, growing, and teaching. The kindness of my colleagues was a constant source of amazement. I was lucky to work with two exceptional lead engineers, [David][1] and [Matt][2]. [David][1] and I joined Envato around the same time, and we quickly discovered so much in common that it felt like finding a long-lost twin. [Matt][2] and I shared many enriching conversations, whether technical discussions or simple catch-ups, and I cherished every moment of our talks.
[Jon][3], my mentor, had a profound impact on me. He dedicated countless hours to helping, teaching, and listening to me. Sometimes, I miss those days not because I lack support now, but because some experiences are unique and irreplaceable.

## Lasting Impact
These are just a few examples, and truly, to capture the essence of my time at Envato, I would need many pages to describe the kindness and friendships I found there. I left Envato at the end of October 2023, knowing I would miss every one of my colleagues. And I do miss them.
As I look back on my time at Envato, I realize that the true value of my journey wasn't just in professional growth but in the bonds I formed and the kindness I experienced. These memories will forever be a part of me, guiding me in every new endeavour.

## A Legacy to Share
> I did leave the company, but I took part of it with me. ❤️
{: .prompt-info }

I hope to pass on the lessons I've learned and the kindness I've received to others in the future. My time at Envato was a chapter in my life filled with unforgettable experiences, and for that, I will always be grateful.

[1]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidrainsford/
[2]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mattyward/
[3]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/joneaves/
[4]: https://www.envato.com/
